this video from CES 2018 is brought to
you by the AKG K 7 XX available from
mass drop find them at the link in the
video description so we are at one of
the trickiest booths here at the show
behind me is what is called a hyper
vision display wall or something like
that it's freaking cool the brand that
makes it is hyper vision and it is
unlike anything else I've ever seen now
to be clear like 10 years ago I had a
case fan for my computer that had LEDs
on it that you could program to put some
text in this is like that and it's been
at the gym for the last 10 years and
it's been roided-up as all hell so each
one of these spinning displays has four
blades with over 200 micro LEDs per
blade that gives you an effective 4k
resolution per fan so you can upload a
3d movie or 3d animated video to create
a pseudo 3d image and the crazy thing
about it is because it is lifted off of
the background it's got this like pseudo
3d effect that even like looks
three-dimensional when you look at it
from the side I asked them how it works
and they basically went secret sauce
it's amazing so each one of these fans
has internal processing we got them to
admit that there's some kind of CPU
memory and storage for content but they
wouldn't give us any real details about
how that works it'll cost you a whopping
three thousand two hundred and forty
dollars per fan though so this is mostly
intended for commercial applications but
let's say you kind of go well gee Linus
I got a lot more than that to spend and
I want more than one fan so the video
walls behind me they're just launching
these at the show here well you can rent
the small one for 30 grand and the big
one for 50 in the future they do plan to
offer these to things like our retail
spaces for demonstrations but there's no
word yet on avail
or pricing now in terms of the content
that can be displayed on these they have
a strict certification process for
Studios that are authorized to create
content for them because they're very
protective of how good the content looks
and I can imagine why because everything
they're showing here looks absolutely
mind-blowing so the way that you get
content to it is it's all cloud managed
so each one of these has a Wi-Fi or
Ethernet connection to pull down the
video that it needs so you can use any
3d animation software like Maya or
cinema 4d to create massive animations
like this and thanks to the way that the
fan blades are actually slightly offset
on the walls the appearance is nearly
seamless it's making it seamless here's
my transition to our sponsor spot the
AKG K 7 xx from mass drop features an
open back design memory foam ear pads
and the leather headband it's a great
sounding headphone at a great price and
for 200 bucks you can get it delivered
to you at the link in the video
description so thanks for watching guys
you can dislike or you can like you can
check out where to buy one of these at
the link in the video description if you
are so inclined and I will see you guys
at the next CES boo
[Music]